# debputy does not need misc:Depends
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends bsdextrautils
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends bsdutils
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends eject
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends fdisk
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends libblkid-dev
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends libblkid1
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends libfdisk-dev
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends libfdisk1
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends libmount-dev
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends libmount1
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends libsmartcols-dev
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends libsmartcols1
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends libuuid1
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends mount
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends rfkill
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends util-linux
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends util-linux-extra
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends util-linux-locales
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends uuid-dev
debhelper-but-no-misc-depends uuid-runtime
